RELEASE 2:
Well, things are certainly different than the initial file I worked with.  I have been getting help from a lot of people in class, especially those who are able to get help in the after hours sessions.  Work sucks; eats all my time.  I have leaned very heavily on forums, Youtube videos, and instructional sites to help me build this.  I have found myself in a situation where a lot of things work and I'm not 100% sure how or why.  I'm sure more time with the language would make things a little more clear, but not in our current short time.  Very interesting language, though.  Admittedly I still prefer Javascript, but I'm still a CS noob so maybe time and experience will change that.  Lot of hopes for release 3 with this, but not sure what I'll be able to pull off in the end.  We'll see how it goes, but I at least have some early semblance of a game running!  This took me several hours of trial and error with a lot of online help to get up so despite the shortcomings I'm proud of how it's coming along.

RELEASE 1:
So.... obviously I've had a few roadbumps in trying to figure this out.  I don't know if I've ever mentioned this, but I am most likely the lowest level student in the class.  As in CMPT 202 is technically my highest level programming language based course.  So a lot of this class has been incredibly challenging for me, not that I don't mind a challenge to help me learn new things.  Anyway, jumping into a new language is always tricky for me but I am appreciating some of the capabilities of the Elm language.  Even found myself going down a rabbit hole of examples, demos, and tutorials (including ones provided by Evan Czaplicki).

My final will be an attempted clone of the Impossible Game, which you can try for free on most computer and mobile devices.  Flash version available at http://impossiblegame.org/the-impossible-game/ 
While mine won't be as smooth or flashy, I hope to build up something with enough challenge and flair to get a good grade.  I really want to pass this class.
I used your example code as a huge foundation to get myself off the ground and tinker with things to get a feel for the code.  My initial attempts weren't rendering objects properly so I needed something that worked to help me figure some things out.  I imagine I will move away from your code pretty quickly as some other imports may suit the design a little better in terms of implementation with the code.  We'll see as I tinker with it more this weekend.
I am using an example I found online for inspiration that is written in JS.  It can be found at https://github.com/chikeichan/Impossible_Game_Clone  
I'm not sure how much help it will be, but I am mostly interested in getting help with the triangle generation and the math behind the spin of the square when the player hits the jump key.

In theory my final base game should be fairly short code, but the platform and spike generation is what will eat up a lot of lines.  I'm not sure if the Impossible Game generates obstacles at random or if it's all laid out by hand.  My understanding was it's a little bit of both.

Release 2 should have a cleaner look with a lot more implementation and a proper jump mechaninc.  I hope the spikes will work with collission and then I can begin working on the platforms.  Hope it works in the end.  Please don't fail me, pretty please.
